y17a2s9d1 - old version does well
y17a4s2d1 - old version does well
y17a4s3d1 - old version does okay
y17a4s4d1 - old version does well
y17a4s9d1 - old version does well
y17a4s11d1 - old version does well
y18a2s2d1 - old version does well
y18a2s2d2 - old version does well
y18a2s2d4 - old version does well
y18a2s5d1 - Nether Version handled it
y18a2s5d3 - old version does well
y18a2s10d1 - old version does well
y18a2s12d1 - old version does okay
y18a4s1d1 - old version does okay
y18a4s2d1 - old version does well
y18a4s3d1 - Nether version handled it
y18a4s8d2 - old version does well
y18a4s9d1 - old version does okay
y18a4s12d1 - old version does okay
y22a3s2d1 - old version does great
y22a3s2d2 - old version does well
y22a3s5d2 - Needs to be split and recaptured
y22a3s5d3 - Needs to be split and recaptured
y22a3s7d2 - old version did great
y22a3s7d4 - old version did great
y22a5s2d1 - old version did great
y22a5s3d1 - old version did well
y22a5s4d1 - old version did well
y22a5s8d1 - old version did okay
y22a6s2d1 - Nether Version handled it
y22a6s6d1 - old version did well
y22a6s7d1 - old version did well
y22a6s8d1 - old version did well
y23a3s1d1 - Nether version handled it 
y23a3s1d2 - old version did well
y23a3s3d1 - old version did well
y23a5s6d1 - Nether version handled it
y24a3s3d1 - old version did well
y24a3s3d2 - old version did well
y24a3s3d8 - old version did well
y24a3s4d1 - old version did well
y24a3s6d2 - old version did well
y24a4s4d1 - old version did well
y24a6s7d6 - old version did well